sent-email.md, before:

# Sent Email

This document is meant to capture email sent to the class through out the semester.

## July

The following emails were sent before the course started...

### 23-23-07: Gearing up for CSC232

> Greetings!
>
> I hope everyone's summer has been fun and exciting so far! Not to rain on the summer parade, but CSC232 is right around the corner. As such, this is just my typical "heads up" email I send out to my class every summer (or winter) to get you all prepared psyched for the course ;-)
>
> If you've never had me before, you'll find that I do things a little differently than others in the department. I work full time for Expedia Partner Solutions (a B2B brand of Expedia) as a software engineer. As a result, I tend to bring in modern software tools and methodology practices to the classroom. One of these is software version control. You can get a great head start in this course by making sure you have an account with GitHub, a service we will use for hosting our work this fall. Follow this link to get started for free with a fantastic education program; just tap on the "Sign up for Global Campus" button on this page: [https://education.github.com/students](https://education.github.com/students). You don't have to do this over the summer; we'll be doing this as one of our tasks in our first lab. But like I said, if you want to get a head start, sign up! While you're on the page, check out some of the other links (like the Student Developer Pack).
>
> One of the things that many students in the past have had difficulty with is in setting up a suitable C++ development environment. GitHub has made this easier for us now through Codespaces. By using Codespaces, we will all share in the same system setup and configuration. Thus, no worries about setting up a work environment. You'll learn how to fire up a Codespace in the course. One of the most convenient aspects of a Codespace is that you interact with it through a browser like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, etc. (For those who still would like to set up a localized C++ development environment on their own machines, I will have handouts and/or videos that will demonstrate how to do this.)
>
> So! Welcome aboard! I look forward to meeting you this fall, and I can't wait to teach you some cool concepts.
>
> Jim Daehn
>
> PS - After I make a few final tweaks to the "zeroth lab," i.e., LAB00, I'll send out a link that will let you tackle this assignment before classes even start. Do this, and you'll be totally set up for class on day 1. If you decide you don't want to do this over the summer and would prefer some guidance, that's perfectly acceptable as well. This "zeroth" lab will be held the first week of classes. It will not be graded per se, but if completed, will serve as "bonus points" at the end of the semester. If you do this lab before class start, you do not necessarily have to come to lab that first week. Regardless, if you're enrolled in the class, you're always welcome to the lectures and labs ;-)
>
> --
>
> James Daehn, Per-course faculty
> 61 M Cheek Hall
> Department of Computer Science
> Missouri State University

Commit message:

Update emails sent as of July 30, 2023

sent-email.md, after:

# Sent Email

This document is meant to capture email sent to the class through out the semester.

## July

The following emails were sent before the course started...

### 23-30-07: Gearing up for CSC232 - Part 2

> Greetings (once again)!
>
> In my previous email sent on 7/23, I mentioned that I would provide you with a link to the "zeroth" lab... This email serves to tell you about this lab. I'll keep this one short and sweet:
>
> 1. I've created a Microsoft Teams team for our class. I just added everyone to this team but I'm not sure if you get notification of that event. In case you haven't, here's a link to the team. Come take a look; it'll be updated quite a bit before class starts, but nonetheless, you may want to bookmark this link in the meantime. You will also notice that I added the "zeroth" lab assignment, so if you want to get started on it, go for it! (Said link to the assignment is located in the instructions for this assignment. As mentioned in my previous email, this will be covered in lab during the first week of classes, so there's no need to actually do this over the summer.)
> 2. You are required to have a GitHub account for this course. Get your free one here.
> 3. If you added this class after I sent that first email, you can see of copy of it here.
>
> I always think of things I wanted to say but forgot before sending emails, so don't be surprised to start getting emails from me before class starts... Looking forward to this semester; I hope you are too!
>
> Jim Daehn
>
> --
>
> James R. Daehn, Per-course faculty
> 61M Cheek Hall
> Department of Computer Science
> Missouri State University

### 23-23-07: Gearing up for CSC232

> Greetings!
>
> I hope everyone's summer has been fun and exciting so far! Not to rain on the summer parade, but CSC232 is right around the corner. As such, this is just my typical "heads up" email I send out to my class every summer (or winter) to get you all prepared psyched for the course ;-)
>
> If you've never had me before, you'll find that I do things a little differently than others in the department. I work full time for Expedia Partner Solutions (a B2B brand of Expedia) as a software engineer. As a result, I tend to bring in modern software tools and methodology practices to the classroom. One of these is software version control. You can get a great head start in this course by making sure you have an account with GitHub, a service we will use for hosting our work this fall. Follow this link to get started for free with a fantastic education program; just tap on the "Sign up for Global Campus" button on this page: [https://education.github.com/students](https://education.github.com/students). You don't have to do this over the summer; we'll be doing this as one of our tasks in our first lab. But like I said, if you want to get a head start, sign up! While you're on the page, check out some of the other links (like the Student Developer Pack).
>
> One of the things that many students in the past have had difficulty with is in setting up a suitable C++ development environment. GitHub has made this easier for us now through Codespaces. By using Codespaces, we will all share in the same system setup and configuration. Thus, no worries about setting up a work environment. You'll learn how to fire up a Codespace in the course. One of the most convenient aspects of a Codespace is that you interact with it through a browser like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, etc. (For those who still would like to set up a localized C++ development environment on their own machines, I will have handouts and/or videos that will demonstrate how to do this.)
>
> So! Welcome aboard! I look forward to meeting you this fall, and I can't wait to teach you some cool concepts.
>
> Jim Daehn
>
> PS - After I make a few final tweaks to the "zeroth lab," i.e., LAB00, I'll send out a link that will let you tackle this assignment before classes even start. Do this, and you'll be totally set up for class on day 1. If you decide you don't want to do this over the summer and would prefer some guidance, that's perfectly acceptable as well. This "zeroth" lab will be held the first week of classes. It will not be graded per se, but if completed, will serve as "bonus points" at the end of the semester. If you do this lab before class start, you do not necessarily have to come to lab that first week. Regardless, if you're enrolled in the class, you're always welcome to the lectures and labs ;-)
>
> --
>
> James Daehn, Per-course faculty
> 61 M Cheek Hall
> Department of Computer Science
> Missouri State University
